---
title: "Kingdom Living"
type: 'blank'
toc: false
---

## August 28, 2022
### Kingdom Living Part 1: Listening to Jesus

> _3 Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. 4 Blessed are those who mourn, for they shall be comforted. (Matthew 5:3-4)_

Identity shift means repentance. Your reaction "comes from" who you are.

(v.3) Spiritual poverty implies total inability which needs God's charity (cf. Luke 18:10-14).\
**Look upward, not inward.**\
Where is your heart? Do you tolerate your _spiritual pride_ rather than pursue humility?\
"The way to rise in the kingdom is to sink in ourselves." -Charles Spurgeon

(v.4) It means spiritual mourning over sin. Sin destroys everything.
> _And I said: “Woe is me! For I am lost; for I am a man of unclean lips, and I dwell in the midst of a people of unclean lips; for my eyes have seen the King, the LORD of hosts!” (Isaiah 6:5)_\
_23 And not only the creation, but we ourselves, who have the firstfruits of the Spirit, groan inwardly as we wait eagerly for adoption as sons, the redemption of our bodies. 24 For in this hope we were saved. Now hope that is seen is not hope. For who hopes for what he sees? (Romans 7:23-24)_

Do you have a space for spiritual sorrow? The blessing of spiritual sorrow is that it takes to the comfort in Jesus.

>_"For Godly grief produces a repentance that leads to salvation without regret, whereas worldly grief produces death." (2 Corinthians 7:10)_

You are strongest when you embrace your dependence.

>_28 Come to me, all who labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. 29 Take my yoke upon you, and learn from me, for I am gentle and lowly in heart, and you will find rest for your souls. 30 For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.” (Matthew 11:28-30)_

If it brings to you to any other dynamics rather than rest, there must be a problem in your interpretation/application.

**There is no good Christian. There is only one good Christ.**

(Sermon given by Abraham Cremeens)\
[[back]](../../personal)
