---
title: "Kingdom Living"
type: 'blank'
toc: false
---

## September 4, 2022
### Kingdom Living Part 2: Listening to Jesus

>_5 Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth. 6 Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they shall be satisfied. (Matthew 5:5-6)_

(v.5) There is an upside-down paradox -- it _does not look_ blessing for us.\
The word "meek" does not mean 'weak/shy/coward' but mean 'gentle/humble' (strength that accommodates others' weakness).

> _"Brothers, if anyone is caught in any transgression, you who are spiritual should restore him in a spirit of gentleness. Keep watch on yourself, lest you too be tempted." (Galatians 6:1)_

Apostle Paul practiced this himself:

> _1 I, Paul, myself entreat you, by the meekness and gentleness of Christ -- I who am humble when face to face with you, but bold toward you when I am away! — 2 I beg of you that when I am present I may not have to show boldness with such confidence as I count on showing against some who suspect us of walking according to the flesh. (2 Corinthians 10:1-2)_

Jesus himself is a good example of meekness. Jesus was gentle in front of Pilate and other Jews.

> _8 Refrain from anger, and forsake wrath! Fret not yourself; it tends only to evil. 9 For the evildoers shall be cut off, but those who wait for the LORD shall inherit the land. 10 In just a little while, the wicked will be no more; though you look carefully at his place, he will not be there. 11 But the meek shall inherit the land and delight themselves in abundant peace. (Psalms 37:8-11)_

Inheritance is not based on what you do but who you are.

(v.6) There are three aspects for righteousness:
* legal: right relationship with God,
* social: outward, and
* moral: inward, wanting the character of Kingdom

There is also a paradox -- hunger/thirst and satisfaction?\
The blessed life is _not feeling satisfied and comfortable._\
How to get hungered and thirsty AND satisfied? only by Jesus (John 4:13-14, 6:35).

> _13 Jesus said to her, “Everyone who drinks of this water will be thirsty again, 14 but whoever drinks of the water that I will give him will never be thirsty again. The water that I will give him will become in him a spring of water welling up to eternal life.”  (John 4:13-14)_

(Sermon given by Will Peyche [[Video]](https://youtu.be/mYA2k8gijWw?t=1053))\
[[back]](../../personal)
