---
title: "Kingdom Living"
type: 'blank'
toc: false
---

## September 11, 2022
### Kingdom Living Part 3: Listening to Jesus

>_7 Blessed are the merciful, for they shall receive mercy. 8 Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God. (Matthew 5:7-8)_

Life is not just primarily about you at all. This seems so countercultural!
* Put yourself LAST if you want to live a full life.
* No.1: Lord, No.2: Others, and No.3: You.

Gospel humility is seeking to love God and others.\
Enemy No.1: **Self-Focus!**\
Being merciful: outward views. Kingdom citizens look others and caring others.\
But there is no "earning" the mercy. God's mercy propels your mercy.

>_Be merciful, even as your Father is merciful. (Luke 6:36)_

>_30 Jesus replied, “A man was going down from Jerusalem to Jericho, and he fell among robbers, who stripped him and beat him and departed, leaving him half dead. 31 Now by chance a priest was going down that road, and when he saw him he passed by on the other side. 32 So likewise a Levite, when he came to the place and saw him, passed by on the other side. 33 But a Samaritan, as he journeyed, came to where he was, and when he saw him, he had compassion. 34 He went to him and bound up his wounds, pouring on oil and wine. Then he set him on his own animal and brought him to an inn and took care of him. 35 And the next day he took out two denarii and gave them to the innkeeper, saying, ‘Take care of him, and whatever more you spend, I will repay you when I come back.’ 36 Which of these three, do you think, proved to be a neighbor to the man who fell among the robbers?” 37 He said, “The one who showed him mercy.” And Jesus said to him, “You go, and do likewise.” (Luke 10:30-37)_

Mercy costs time/resource/etc. Compassion is inconvenient. But his mercy will never leave you. Keep in mind that there is no _command_ here.

(v.8) upward view (while v.7 is an outward view)\
Who you are when no one is looking is really who you are. There is a great danger of "divided heart". We are so prone to worship other things.

>_When Daniel knew that the document had been signed, he went to his house where he had windows in his upper chamber open toward Jerusalem. He got down on his knees three times a day and prayed and gave thanks before his God, as he had done previously. (Daniel 6:10)_

Is that who you are? or are there 2 versions of you?\
Do not miss out the beauty of identity in Jesus: purity, sincerity, consistency, and integrity.

Vehicle analogy: if all the mirrors face to you, you cannot drive. Rear-view mirrors were never designed to look at yourself. Turn the mirrors away and enjoy the view that God provides you.

>_"...the essense of gospel-humility is not thinking more of myself or thinking less of myself, it is thinking of myself less." - Timothy Keller, The Freedom of Self-Forgetfulness_

(Sermon given by Abraham Cremeens [[Video]](https://youtu.be/iLsDp6Yowvc?t=1630))\
[[back]](../../personal)
