---
title: "Kingdom Living"
type: 'blank'
toc: false
---

## September 18, 2022
### Kingdom Living Part 4: Listening to Jesus

>_9 “Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called sons of God. 10 “Blessed are those who are persecuted for righteousness’ sake, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. 11 “Blessed are you when others revile you and persecute you and utter all kinds of evil against you falsely on my account. 12 Rejoice and be glad, for your reward is great in heaven, for so they persecuted the prophets who were before you. (Matthew 5:9-12)_

Blessing is not equal to prosperity. Blessing is anything that makes you hold Jesus.\
(v.9) What kind of peace? Our natural state is weak, ungodly, sinners, and the enemy of God (Romans 5).\
Peacemaking is setting up the right relationship with God, which is something that God does, not us.

>_11 For the grace of God has appeared, bringing salvation for all people, 12 training us to renounce ungodliness and worldly passions, and to live self-controlled, upright, and godly lives in the present age, 13 waiting for our blessed hope, the appearing of the glory of our great God and Savior Jesus Christ, 14 who gave himself for us to redeem us from all lawlessness and to purify for himself a people for his own possession who are zealous for good works. (Titus 2:11-14)_

>_"Therefore, since we have been justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ." (Romans 5:1)_

All kingdom citizens are invited to the tasks of peacemaking. A possible starting point is to ask myself: "What has God done in my life?"

>_9 But you are a chosen race, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a people for his own possession, that you may proclaim the excellencies of him who called you out of darkness into his marvelous light. 10 Once you were not a people, but now you are God's people; once you had not received mercy, but now you have received mercy. (1 Peter 2:9-10)_

You cannot be a peacemaker until you have peace with God.

(v.10-11) counterintuitive. Why peacemakers are persecuted? Because of those who rejects God and of self-centeredness, self-righteousness.

>_12 Indeed, all who desire to live a godly life in Christ Jesus will be persecuted, 13 while evil people and impostors will go on from bad to worse, deceiving and being deceived. (2 Timothy 3:12-13)_

But he will hold us fast when the time comes.

>_Beloved, I urge you as sojourners and exiles to abstain from the passions of the flesh, which wage war against your soul. (1 Peter 2:11)_

What should be Kingdom citizens' response to the persecutions?

>_40 and when they had called in the apostles, they beat them and charged them not to speak in the name of Jesus, and let them go. 41 Then they left the presence of the council, rejoicing that they were counted worthy to suffer dishonor for the name. 42 And every day, in the temple and from house to house, they did not cease teaching and preaching that the Christ is Jesus. (Acts 5:40-42)_

Rejoice! There will be a great reward.

(Sermon given by Paul Briggs [[Video]](https://youtu.be/JDmNOMKfBuc?t=1596))\
[[back]](../../personal)
