---
title: "Kingdom Living"
type: 'blank'
toc: false
---

## October 16, 2022
### Kingdom Living Part 8: Listening to Jesus

>_**Lust**_  
>_27 “You have heard that it was said, ‘You shall not commit adultery.’ 28 But I say to you that everyone who looks at a woman with lustful intent has already committed adultery with her in his heart. 29 If your right eye causes you to sin, tear it out and throw it away. For it is better that you lose one of your members than that your whole body be thrown into hell. 30 And if your right hand causes you to sin, cut it off and throw it away. For it is better that you lose one of your members than that your whole body go into hell. (Matthew 5:27-30)_

Statistics says that 65% of men watch pornography monthly. And this is not only a male issue; women also make a 1/3 of visitors to pornography sites.\
It leaves people feeling shameful. It hurts relationship with other people. It destroys marriages. And it also damages spiritual lives.\
But Jesus is not condemning you. Christ fulfilled the law. He died in order to pay the price for our sin; in order to impart on earth his righteousness.

But Jesus also desires us to thrive and to live as he intended for us to live.

**1. The seriousness of adultery**

- Breaking of covenant ([Jeremiah 31:32](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Jeremiah+31%3A32&version=ESV))

>_25 Husbands, love your wives, as Christ loved the church and gave himself up for her,_  
>_31 “Therefore a man shall leave his father and mother and hold fast to his wife, and the two shall become one flesh.” 32 This mystery is profound, and I am saying that it refers to Christ and the church. (Ephesians 5:25,31-32)_

Adultery is profaning the very gospel that we preach.\
Within the context of marriage, sex is a great thing; outside of that, it is damaging and destructive. It is just like fire; we can enjoy the fire inside a fire pit but the fire on wood can burn everything down.

- Lustful "intent": lust is adultery in the heart

Why is pornography dangerous?

1) It gives the enemy a foothold -- it causes other sins (The story of David and Bathsheba: [2 Samuel 11](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=2+Samuel+11&version=ESV))

2) It treats people as objects of pleasure rather than people created in the image of God

3) It shorts God's plan and intent for us. Lust and pornography make the sexual pleasure as a selfish endeavor.

Problem: _We want what God has not given us!_

**2. Sin comes from the heart**

- What defiles us comes from within

Lust lives in the heart.

>_17 Do you not see that whatever goes into the mouth passes into the stomach and is expelled?[a] 18 But what comes out of the mouth proceeds from the heart, and this defiles a person. 19 For out of the heart come evil thoughts, murder, adultery, sexual immorality, theft, false witness, slander. 20 These are what defile a person. But to eat with unwashed hands does not defile anyone.” (Matthew 15:17-20)_

- So, guard your heart

Seek wisdom (from God), far from foolishness (from adultery) ([Proverbs 2](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=proverbs+2&version=ESV), [Proverbs 4:23-27](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=proverbs+4%3A23-27&version=ESV))

**3. Call to radical action/repentance (vs.29-30)**

>_5 Put to death therefore what is earthly in you: sexual immorality, impurity, passion, evil desire, and covetousness, which is idolatry. (Colossians 3:5)_

Heart can be only changed from God.

>_26 And I will give you a new heart, and a new spirit I will put within you. And I will remove the heart of stone from your flesh and give you a heart of flesh. 27 And I will put my Spirit within you, and cause you to walk in my statutes and be careful to obey my rules. (Ezekiel 36:26-27)_

Jesus changed our sin to his righteousness.\
He sent us the spirit.\
What is "walking in the spirit"? -- _to delight in Christ._

>_21 For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also. (Matthew 6:21)_

Are you actively fighting it? or content with it?\
Keep up the good fight. Do not fight alone.

(Sermon given by Gami Ortiz. [[Video]](https://youtu.be/s4G47L5GoQc?t=1475))\
[[back]](../../personal)
