---
title: "Kingdom Living"
type: 'blank'
toc: false
---

## September 25, 2022
### Kingdom Living Part 5: Listening to Jesus

>_**Salt and Light**_  
>_13 "You are the salt of the earth, but if salt has lost its taste, how shall its saltiness be restored? It is no longer good for anything except to be thrown out and trampled under people's feet. 14 "You are the light of the world. A city set on a hill cannot be hidden. 15 Nor do people light a lamp and put it under a basket, but on a stand, and it gives light to all in the house. 16 In the same way, let your light shine before others, so that they may see your good works and give glory to your Father who is in heaven. (Matthew 5:13-16)_

We were not created to suffer. But we suffer. We see death and deterioration every moment. We cannot avoid it. It is an undeniable fact.

(v.13) It is an "absolute" statement. We sprinkle the salt on a raw meat to expel the rot. It is not easy and not pleasing to be the salt. But this is your mission. Go into the world and stop it rotting. We "want" to make a difference if you are truly transformed.

Are we living our lives salty enough to make people desire Jesus? We do not _find security_ in society but we _bring security_ in Jesus.

>_And this is the judgment: the light has come into the world, and people loved the darkness rather than the light because their works were evil. (John 3:19)_

>_Again Jesus spoke to them, saying, "I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will not walk in darkness, but will have the light of life." (John 8:12)_

The problem we have is that we keep trying to be the _source of power_ and the spark at the same time. We are _not_ the source of light. The source of the flashlight is not the bulb itself; it is the battery.

The darkness cannot overpower light.

>_The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness has not overcome it. (John 1:5)_

>_for at one time you were darkness, but now you are light in the Lord. Walk as children of light (Ephesians 5:8)_

(Sermon given by Chad Moore. [[Video]](https://youtu.be/6tMyPtjXHCo?t=1364))\
[[back]](../../personal)
